*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 65305 ***

                            CHRISTMAS MAGIC


                         ALL THROUGH THE HOUSE
                           FOR ALL YOUR GIFTS

         using “Scotch” brand tapes and “Sasheen” brand ribbon

                                                           © 1950 3M Co.




       _“Scotch” brand Cellophane Tape leads to Christmas Magic_




    [Illustration: _Fascinating peeking ... the clever, deceptively easy
    gift wraps possible when you team everyday objects with “Scotch”
    brand Cellophane Tape. It “sticks like crazy”!_

    Your handiest Christmas helper. In 25¢ and 39¢ dispensers, 59¢ large
    economy-size roll.]

    [Illustration: Gift wraps]

_Front row, left to right_:

GIFT WRAP GROOMING. Package beauty begins when “Scotch” Cellophane Tape
holds paper securely in place.

STAY-PRETTY WRAP. It still looks pretty when box is opened. Just cover
lid and base separately. Cut paper to cover lid, plus 1 inch extra on
each side. Fold edges inside lid and fasten with tape (a). Cover base
same as lid. Idea shown: Arrange thin paper strips in “x’s” on table.
Press lengths of tape over “x’s” to pick them up and tape to box.

    [Illustration: a]

PICTURAMA. Child’s play. Use magazine scenes for gift paper. For larger
boxes, tape two or more pictures together.

SPARKLING SYMMETRY. Lovely! Wrap 3 loops of tape, sticky side out,
around a length of cardboard; space evenly (b). Place on box and press
down loops; slip out cardboard (c). Repeat, alternating direction of
loops on package. Sprinkle with glitter for the finishing touch.

    [Illustration: b]

    [Illustration: c]

_Back row, left to right_:

CHECKERBOARD. Imaginative! Tape down equal-sized squares of construction
paper to gift wrap. Make small loops of tape, sticky side out (d) and
place on box. Press wrapped Christmas candies to tape loops.

    [Illustration: d]

MONEY TREE. Attach new pennies to gift wrap with tape loops (d above) in
rows as shown. For extra glamor between pennies, fold back ends on
lengths of tape (e) and press, sticky side out, to box. Sprinkle with
glitter.

    [Illustration: e]

SNOWFLAKE DAZZLER. So sparkly! Cut 2 snowflake shapes from gift wrap
paper. Use first for package center; cut second into four equal parts
for corners (f). Back up openings with cellophane tape and sprinkle with
glitter. Attach to box with tape loops (d above).

    [Illustration: f]




   _Gift wrap glamor at a touch with the color of “Scotch” brand Gift
                                 Tapes_




    [Illustration: _Gay-as-the-season effects come easy with
    happy-looking “Scotch” Gift Tapes—in many modern new patterns and
    solid tones. And these tape-touched gifts go through the mails with
    beauty unmarred._

    In lively patterns and colors ... 10¢ rolls, 25¢ and 39¢
    dispensers.]

    [Illustration: Tape effects]

_From left to right_:

SHIRT TALE. Lively, masculine! Make shirt outline with colorful gift
tape. Attach buttons with “Scotch” Cellophane Tape (a). Add a “Sasheen”
bow tie.

    [Illustration: a]

“FUN UNLIMITED” TRAIN. Pure whimsey! Bright gift tape outlines train.
For button “wheels” and “eyes,” make plain tape loops, sticky side out
(b). Place loops on package; firmly press buttons to loops. Tape on gift
paper cylinders for “nose” and smokestack, add a puff of cotton for
smoke.

    [Illustration: b]

DIAMOND GLITTER. Eye-stopping! Wind gift tape, sticky side out, around
ruler (c). Place ruler on box; press down “spiral” securely. Ease out
ruler (d). Make another “spiral” and place beside first on package.
Sprinkle with glitter.

    [Illustration: c]

    [Illustration: d]

DOUBLE-TAKE TAPE. Top each length of tape with a narrow width in
contrasting color. Only the magic of gift tape permits such
“stop-and-start” designs!

NAME DROPPER. No mistaking gifts when you spell out names in gift tape
(e). _Tip_: For extra ease, form letters first on any glass surface;
lift all and place on box.

    [Illustration: e]

MERRY MAKINGS. Sign of the season! Center “Scotch” Brand “Merry
Christmas” Tape on box. Frame with smart solid tone tape for tailored
elegance.




    _The festive “Magic Bow” ... yours and only yours with “Sasheen”
                             brand Ribbon_


_None so fair, none so foolproof as the one and only “Magic Bow”._

_Let it be the basis for beauty of all your be-ribboned holiday gift
wraps._


                        “MAGIC BOW” INSTRUCTIONS

To use later as “tie” ribbon, cut off 8″ length of “Sasheen.” Tear in
half lengthwise.


                             PRE-FAB STAGE:

    [Illustration: a]

(a) Cut 2 to 3 yards of ribbon, depending on size of bow you wish. Form
a circle and tape end in place. Roll up ribbon.

    [Illustration: b]

(b) Press circle together and fold in half. Start from outside edge and
cut off corners, leaving ⅛″ center.

    [Illustration: c]

(c) Using “tie” ribbon, knot securely at center notch.


                      COMPLETING THE “MAGIC BOW”:

    [Illustration: d]

(d) Pull out _inside_ loop to left, then down and across center notch
with twist.

    [Illustration: e]

(e) Repeat this action, pulling out next inside loop to _right_.

    [Illustration: f]

(f) Continue alternating loops until all are pulled out at both ends.

    [Illustration: Magic bow effects]

_Left row, top to bottom_:

(Just a few of the lovely effects possible with “Magic Bows”.)

FRANKLY FEMININE. _Christmas Stripe_ “Decorette” brand Ribbon makes this
lacy and lovely “Magic Bow”.

BOWS APLENTY. A pair of contrasting “Magic Bows” on _Bows_ wrapping
paper.

BERRY BRIGHT. Large red “Magic Bow” of “Sasheen” Ribbon. For extra
elegance, tape holly sprigs or pine under bow.

_Right row, top to bottom_:

FROSTY SNOWMAN. Three “Magic Bows” form snowman. For hat, nose and eyes,
tape paper shapes to bow.

SUITCASE CHARMER. For handle, tape length of “Sasheen” to banding
ribbon. Add a pair of pert “Magic Bows”.

TWIN TRIM. Candy-striped “Magic Bow” teams with matching paper, aglow
with snowmen.




    [Illustration: Ask for the “Magic Bow” ribbons—instructions on every
    roll.]




 _Only the “Magic Bow” way lets you make these scissor-snip variations_




    [Illustration: _Gift wraps to make eyes dance—and all stemming from
    the basic “Magic Bow”. Only “Sasheen” brand Ribbon, with its special
    backing, makes possible these ingenious variations._

    Beauty team: “Sasheen” & color-matched gift papers]

    [Illustration: Magic bow variations]

_Front row, left to right_:

FROU-FROU BOW. Pert, frilly! Make a pre-fab “Magic Bow”. Cut from outer
edge, crossing over ends of loops (a). Repeat at opposite end. Pull out
loops as in “Magic Bow”.

    [Illustration: a]

SHOOTING STAR BOW. A two-tone beauty! Make the pre-fab “Magic Bow”,
starting by rolling together equal lengths of “Sasheen” in contrasting
colors. Make angle cuts at each end (b). Pull out loops as in “Magic
Bow”.

    [Illustration: b]

PINWHEEL BOW. A whirl of color here in lacy “Decorette.” Tie a pre-fab
“Magic Bow” making only 6 or 7 turns for loop. Pull out all loops to
_one_ side (not left and right) and arrange (c).

    [Illustration: c]

_Back row, left to right_:

PETITE WREATH. Make Petite Bows the “Magic Bow” way with _1 yard_ of
“Sasheen”. Use “tie” ribbon of contrasting color and knot to show. Tape
bows to box.

POINSETTIA BOW. A crush-proof traveler. With _1 yard_ of “Sasheen”, make
pre-fab “Magic Bow”. For petals, make cuts from outer edges toward loop
end (d). Pull out bottom petals from left to right, twisting so shiny
sides are up. Arrange top petals same way—no twisting needed. Nice
touch: Tape ribbon pennants or leaves under bows.

    [Illustration: d]

TWO-IN-ONE BOW. Make pre-fab “Magic Bow” using _off-center_ cut (e).
Pull out long loops first and arrange in outer circle. Pull out shorter
loops for a bow-within-a-bow the easy way!

    [Illustration: e]

    [Illustration: table centerpiece and window]

TABLE SPLENDOR. Trim net-covered tablecloth with gift tape. For
centerpiece, tape goblet to cake plate. Set hurricane chimney or glass
vase on plate (a) and fill with tree balls. For tree outline, run gift
tape from chimney top to the plate edge.

    [Illustration: a]

CATHEDRAL WINDOW. Let your imagination be your guide! Use crayon to draw
design. (Try tree shapes, holiday “scenes”, greetings.) For idea shown,
tape on triangles of colored cellophane. Then outline your design with
gift tape.




               _Set the scene for fun with gay gift tape_




    [Illustration: _All through your house a festive air will reign when
    you let the holiday color of “Scotch” brand Gift Tape brighten
    decorations, household objects. In colors, patterns, gleaming
    metallics—gift tape has gone glamorous!_

    Treat yourself to a selection of widths and colors—10¢, 25¢, 39¢.]

    [Illustration: KIDDIE CARDS. What good fun—when youngsters make
    their own cards. Needed: scissors, paper, lots of bright “Scotch”
    Gift Tape—and observe the lively results!]

    [Illustration: CHRISTMAS EVERYWHERE. Let your imagination run riot!
    Use gay gift tape for a happy note on your wastebaskets, bulletin
    boards, mirrors, flowerpots, match books.]

    [Illustration: DOOR DECOR. Tape gift paper to tree-shaped cardboard.
    Add gift tapes to please. (Cover with plastic wrap for
    weather-proofing.) Tape on ornaments or rope beads.]

    [Illustration: FAMILY GREETING CARDS. Give the warmth and quick
    color of “Scotch” Gift Tape in holiday designs to popular
    photographic greeting cards. Pretty, so personal.]




    _Make yours a “Friendship House” with these touch-of-tape ideas_


_Pretty way to decorate and please friends, too ... displaying their
cards with the Christmas Magic touch of “Scotch” brand Cellophane Tape._

    [Illustration: FRIENDSHIP WREATH. Simply tape Christmas cards to a
    “hula hoop” for dramatic wall decoration! (b).]

    [Illustration: b]

    [Illustration: “FRIENDSHIP GIFT” IDEA—NEW DÉCOR DISPENSER, 98¢.
    Attractive way to keep “Scotch” brand Cellophane Tape always at hand
    in kitchen, den or family room. Four home-décor colors—non-slip
    bottom for dispensing tape with one-hand ease—scratchproof
    rubber-padded base. Tape not included, so try this wrapping idea:
    Add a 59¢ economy-size roll (4 times the tape of a 25¢ roll) as the
    eye of a gay “Santa” face—plus ornament for eyeball, shaped paper
    for wink, cotton for beard. Wonderful gift for friends, neighbors—or
    as a party prize.]

    [Illustration: FRIENDSHIP TREE. Loop a length of tape around branch
    and fasten to Christmas card (a). Cards taped to mantel or mirror
    add a bright air, too! Note: Never use tape on wallpaper or painted
    walls.

    GLITTER WANDS. For tree, mantel, staircase. Cut tape in varying
    lengths. Sprinkle with glitter, leaving a “bare” space at both ends.
    “Thread” ornament with tape at bottom end (c).]

    [Illustration: a]

    [Illustration: c]




                _A potpourri of tips for home and gifts_


    [Illustration: WEATHERPROOF YOUR MAILING LABELS. Smart and simple
    trick when mailing gifts. Protect addresses from ink-smearing snow
    or rain: cover them completely with “Scotch” brand Cellophane Tape
    to help assure safe arrivals.]

    [Illustration: GIFT TAGS. A great new idea! “Scotch” brand Gift
    Tapes you can write on—plus bright stickers. 10 on a roll. Just snip
    them off and press down for new labeling speed and ease.]

    [Illustration: IDENTIFY GIFT GIVERS. End “thank you” note mix-ups.
    Keep “Scotch” Cellophane Tape at hand during the bustle of opening
    gifts: use it to attach givers’ names to packages (or to gifts) as
    they’re opened.]

    [Illustration: STOCKING STUFFER. Drop several rolls of “Scotch”
    Cellophane Tape ... or leftover rolls of Gift Tape ... in the
    youngsters’ Christmas stockings. Just watch them put the tape to
    creative use during many play time hours.]

    [Illustration: DAZZLE WREATH. Front-door dress-up with Glitter Bows
    (or any “Sasheen” bow). Make “Magic Bows”. Then press loop ends
    together (a) and cut V-notches in as many loops as you like. Back
    cutouts with “Scotch” Cellophane Tape and sprinkle with glitter.
    Form a wire coat hanger into a circle and tape or tie on bows.]

    [Illustration: a]

    [Illustration: CHRISTMAS STORY ON TAPE. The holiday classic, “’Twas
    the Night Before Christmas”, re-told and pictured on a roll of
    “Scotch” Gift Tape. Fun to tell from start to finish on children’s
    gift wraps or Christmas cards.]

    [Illustration: CENTERPIECE CAKE. Focal point of your festive holiday
    table ... this gay cake with Fluffy White Frosting. Make 2 “Magic
    Bows” of “Sasheen”. Tie a bow to each side of a cluster of four
    candy canes; tuck in center of cake. Dot sides with crumbled candy
    cane.]

    [Illustration: COVER PACKAGES:

    _Front row, left to right_: _Tree Tapecraft._ Gift tape makes tree
    design. _Glitter Magic._ Make Glitter Wands (see “Friendship House”
    page). Fasten with a long loop of tape, sticky side out; press flat.
    Sprinkle with glitter. _Christmas Carnation._ Make “Magic Bow”.
    Crush together loops, snip off ends (b). _Glitter Bow._ Make as in
    Dazzle Wreath, this page. _Name Dropper._ Spell out names with gay
    gift tape. _Back row, left to right_: _Bow Magic._ Make a large
    “Magic Bow”. _Harum-Scarum._ Even left-over ends of gift tape look
    glamorous here. _Holly Bait._ Add sprigs of holly (or pine) using
    “Scotch” Cellophane Tape.]

    [Illustration: b]

    [Illustration: WRITE IN for the “how-to” of creating flower bows the
    “Magic Bow” way. From daisies to dahlias, these “Sasheen” bows rate
    raves with little extra effort—glamorize gifts. Send to Dept.
    GBA-129, 3M Co., St. Paul 6, Minnesota.]

  “SCOTCH”, “SASHEEN”, “DECORETTE” and “MAGIC BOW” are registered
  trademarks of 3M Co., St. Paul 6, Minn. Export: 99 Park Ave., N.Y.
  Canada: London, Ontario. “Magic Bow” and method of making patented
  U.S. Pat. No. RE23835.

    [Illustration: 3M COMPANY]

                              Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing company
                               ... WHERE RESEARCH IS THE KEY TO TOMORROW

    [Illustration: Wraparound cover]




                          Transcriber’s Notes


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 65305 ***
